Update to sepolia + add ethers.js option (#9828)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/sending-transactions-using-web3-and-alchemy/index.md

### 6\. What is the web3 library? {#what-is-the-web3-library}

- Web3.js is a wrapper library around the standard JSON-RPC calls that is quite common to use in Ethereum development.

> - There are many web3 libraries for different languages. In this tutorial we’ll be using [Alchemy Web3](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/api-overview) which is written in JavaScript. You can check out other options [here](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/guides/getting-started#other-web3-libraries) like [ethers.js](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/alchemy-sdk-quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are many web3 libraries for different languages. In this tutorial we’ll be using [Alchemy Web3](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/api-overview) which is written in JavaScript. You can check out other options [here](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/guides/getting-started#other-web3-libraries) like [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).
```
